# SOME DESCRIPTIVE TITLE.
# Copyright (C) 2023, Open Robotics
# This file is distributed under the same license as the ROS 2 documentation
# package.
# FIRST AUTHOR <EMAIL@ADDRESS>, 2023.
#
#, fuzzy
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: ROS 2 documentation \n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2023-12-08 06:20+0000\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: YEAR-MO-DA HO:MI+ZONE\n"
"Last-Translator: FULL NAME <EMAIL@ADDRESS>\n"
"Language: zh_CN\n"
"Language-Team: zh_CN <LL@li.org>\n"
"Plural-Forms: nplurals=1; plural=0;\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Generated-By: Babel 2.12.1\n"

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:2
msgid "About Working Groups"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:4
msgid ""
"There are two types of ROS 2 working groups, TSC sanctioned working "
"groups and community working groups. Functionally, there is little "
"distinction between the two types of working groups, the primary "
"distinction being that TSC sanctioned working groups were created by the "
"ROS 2 TSC and deliver regular reports to it. Community working groups are"
" created and administered by the ROS community for the ROS community, and"
" are not officially sanctioned by the ROS 2 TSC. Community working groups"
" can become TSC working groups by a simple vote of the ROS 2 TSC. "
"Community working groups can be created using the process outlined in "
":doc:`this tutorial. <How-To-Start-A-Community-Working-Group>`."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:10
msgid ""
"If you'd like to join an existing ROS 2 working group, please contact the"
" appropriate group lead(s) directly. If you'd like to create a new "
"working group, please inquire via info@openrobotics.org."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:14
msgid "Working Group Policies"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:16
msgid ""
"Meetings should be posted to the Google calendar as well as announced on "
"Discourse."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:17
msgid ""
"Meetings should have notes and be posted to Discourse using an "
"appropriate working group tag."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:18
msgid ""
"For attending the groups meetings please join the associated google group"
" to get invites automatically."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:21
msgid "TSC Working Groups"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:23
msgid "The current TSC WGs are (12 as of 2023-08-30):"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:26
msgid "Client Libraries"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:28
msgid "Lead(s): Geoffrey Biggs, Alberto Soragna"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:29
msgid ""
"Note: **This working group is currently on hiatus. Meetings will resume "
"at some point in the future TBD.**"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:30
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:41
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:53
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:62
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:74
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:86
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:100
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:111
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:128
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:139
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:147
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:159
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:167
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:178
#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:188
msgid "Resources:"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:32
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group: `ros-client-libraries-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"client-libraries-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:33
msgid ""
"`Meeting minutes and agendas "
"<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MAMQisfbITOR4eDyCBhTEaFJ3QBNW38S7Z7RpBBSSvg/edit>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:34
msgid ""
"Working group charter: https://github.com/ros2-client-libraries-"
"wg/community"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:35
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-client-libraries <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"client-libraries>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:38
msgid "Control"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:40
msgid "Lead(s): Bence Magyar"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:43
msgid "Website link: https://control.ros.org"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:44
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-control-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-control-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:45
msgid ""
"`Meeting notes rolling document "
"<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1818AoYucI2z82awL_-8sAA5pMCV_g_wXCJiM6SQmhSQ/edit?usp=sharing>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:46
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-ros2-control <https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-"
"ros2-control>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:50
msgid "Middleware"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:52
msgid "Lead(s): William Woodall"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:55
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-middleware-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"middleware-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:56
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-middleware <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-"
"middleware>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:59
msgid "Navigation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:61
msgid "Lead(s): Steve Macenski"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:64
msgid ""
"`2019-03-17 meeting notes <https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros2-navigation-"
"wg-thursday-3-00-pm-pacific-gmt-7-00/7586/9>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:65
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-navigation-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"navigation-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:66
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-navigation <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-"
"navigation>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:67
msgid ""
"Discourse Channel: `Navigation Stack "
"<https://discourse.ros.org/c/navigation/44>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:68
msgid ""
"Slack Group: `Nav2 Slack "
"<https://join.slack.com/t/navigation2/shared_invite/zt-uj428p0x-"
"jKx8U7OzK1IOWp5TnDS2rA>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:71
msgid "Manipulation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:73
msgid "Lead(s): Henning Kayser"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:76
msgid ""
"`About our working group meetings <https://discourse.ros.org/t/moveit-"
"maintainer-meeting-all-invited-july-25th/9899>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:78
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-manipulation-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"manipulation-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:79
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-moveit <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/moveit2>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:80
msgid "Discourse Channel: `MoveIt <https://discourse.ros.org/c/moveit>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:83
msgid "Real-time"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:85
msgid "Lead(s): Andrei Kholodnyi, Jan Staschulat"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:88
msgid ""
"`Working group website <https://real-time-working-"
"group.readthedocs.io/>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:89
msgid "`Working Group Community <https://github.com/ros-realtime/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:90
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-real-time-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-"
"real-time-working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:91
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-real-time <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-real-"
"time>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:92
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+ros-realtime:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+ros-"
"realtime:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:97
msgid "Security"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:99
msgid "Lead(s): Florencia Cabral"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:102
msgid ""
"`ROS 2 Security Working Group Community <https://github.com/ros-"
"security/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:103
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-security-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com"
" <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:104
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-security <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-security>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:105
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+rosorg-security:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+rosorg-"
"security:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:108
msgid "Rosbag2 and Tooling"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:110
msgid "Lead(s): Michael Orlov"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:113
msgid "`Charter <https://github.com/ros-tooling/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:114
msgid ""
"`Meeting Notes "
"<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dsg_9XZQPhihpKQGQWMYTz2doGH4P2cAaNqr60cuNgw/edit>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:115
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-tooling-working-group-invites@googlegroups.com "
"<https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-tooling-working-group-"
"invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:116
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-tooling <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-tooling>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:117
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `+ros-tooling:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/+ros-"
"tooling:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:120
msgid "Community Working Groups"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:122
msgid ""
"Community working groups are created and maintained by the ROS community "
"to support ongoing efforts."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:125
msgid "Aerial Robotics (AerialRoboticsWG)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:127
msgid "Lead(s): Kimberly McGuire, Ram√≥n Roche"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:130
msgid "`Working group community <https://github.com/ROS-Aerial/>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:131
msgid ""
"`Recordings and Meeting notes <https://github.com/ROS-"
"Aerial/community/blob/master/meetings.md>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:132
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-aerial-robotics <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-"
"aerial-robotics>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:133
msgid ""
"OSRF Discord channel: `#cwg-aerial "
"<https://discord.com/channels/1077825543698927656/1141902822254850128>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:136
msgid "AI Integration"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:138
msgid "Lead(s): Lara Moreno"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:141
msgid ""
"`Discussion thread: <https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros-2-ai-integration-"
"working-group/26119/35>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:144
msgid "Deliberation (DelibWG)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:146
msgid "Lead(s): Christian Henkel"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:149
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `ros-wg-deliberation <https://groups.google.com/g"
"/ros-wg-deliberation>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:150
msgid ""
"Minutes: `gdocs "
"<https://docs.google.com/document/d/13TCHp3ycbDa2agGs0SjP3CpTllUeguAcXqih5LlCVDg/edit>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:151
msgid ""
"Recordings `@ros-wg-deliberation <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list"
"=PLcSZ3QEfuKf-CKfrcbtUehY4U1brNabnf>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:152
msgid ""
"Github Organization: `ros-wg-deliberation <github.com/ros-wg-"
"deliberation>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:153
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-delib <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-delib>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:156
msgid "Education (EdWG)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:158
msgid "Lead(s): Katherine Scott"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:161
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-education <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-"
"education>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:164
msgid "Maritime (MaritimeWG)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:166
msgid "Lead(s): Mabel Zhang, Arjo Chakravarty"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:169
msgid "`Working Group Community <https://github.com/ros-maritime/community>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:170
msgid ""
"Meeting invite group `maritime-robotics-working-group-"
"invites@googlegroups.com <https://groups.google.com/g/maritime-robotics-"
"working-group-invites>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:171
msgid ""
"Discourse tag: `wg-maritime-robotics <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-"
"maritime-robotics>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:172
msgid ""
"Matrix chat `#ros-maritime-general:matrix.org <https://matrix.to/#/#ros-"
"maritime-general:matrix.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:175
msgid "Rust (RustWG)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:177
msgid "Lead(s): Esteve Fernandez, Jacob Hassold, Nikolai Morin"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:180
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-rust <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-rust>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:181
msgid ""
"Matrix chat: `#Rust WG Room "
"<https://matrix.to/#/!AiYXdTWExqamTdatBl:matrix.org?via=matrix.org&via=heyquark.com&via=c-base.org>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:182
msgid "Repository: `ros2-rust <https://github.com/ros2-rust/ros2_rust>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:185
msgid "SMACC (SMACCWG)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:187
msgid "Lead(s): Brett Aldrich"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:190
msgid ""
"`Working Group Community <https://https://github.com/robosoft-"
"ai/SMACC_WG>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:191
msgid "`Google Group <https://groups.google.com/g/smacc-wg>`__"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/The-ROS2-Project/Governance/Working-Groups.rst:192
msgid "Discourse tag: `wg-smacc <https://discourse.ros.org/tag/wg-smacc>`_"
msgstr ""

